Wow we actually have three I don't
believe it look at the size of the head
on that one I'm Mitch is this a record
for you three in one trap is record seed
you're my good luck charm look at the
size of this one here that's got to be a
big male hazmat mission I can't tell you
how heavy this is that is it absolutely
I was just starting to feel that the day
was gonna have no results we checked all
our traps this was the last one that was
left and well absolutely unreal three
giant alligator snapping turtles we're
just gonna be real careful real gentle
try to ease them out try and get the big
male out first you'll notice as we wrap
as we're moving into the turtle we're
gonna keep our hands a lot further away
from the head than you would expect
that's because it actually when it
strikes the head really extends forward
from the front of the shell a good
distance and whereas our the small one
here I guess I'd be in danger of losing
a finger I think it's pretty safe to say
that if my hand or even my arm were to
get too close to the jaws of this big
fella then I'd probably lose it Wow
well mission see if you hold what you
got and just do your best tinder mangers
clear yeah what about just make sure
your right hand doesn't stray from that
spot okay oh that is a big circle
probably the largest freshwater turtle
in the world but that isn't really
what's so impressive about him look at
the size of that head it's totally out
of proportion to the whole of the rest
of the body and most of that is just
pure muscle power driving that you're at
the edge of it is well it's incredibly
sharp doesn't have teeth because it
doesn't need to have really it's almost
like a great big curved kitchen knife
you see the hooked snout at the end and
actually I'm not gonna go to hold him
like this but no because he's just too
heavy and they can get to be heavier
than I am
what do you reckon Mitch how heavy is
this this turtle about 110 pounds D 110
pounds pound for pound probably a lot
stronger than you were yeah that's for
sure
absolutely sure I'm having so much
difficulty holding him I tell ya look at
that you see how really straining to
hold him but you can see how far the
neck extends and that's how he hunts I
mean looking at the shape of the head in
the body it's very irregular the colors
quite dark and he blends in really
really well with all the vegetation at
the bottom of the water here and then as
soon as a fish gets too close the head
snaps out like that the jaws clamped
shut
incredibly quickly and the fish is
history